so I've got a pretty cool product here
today this is the SteelSeries 7g this is
their premium keyboard and it is for pro
gaming yes you guessed it
excellent so this is a no click
mechanical gaming keyboard that means it
uses all mechanical switches but it
doesn't use the ones that have like a
springy clicky sound to them when you
click them so it should be in theory not
quite as loud as something like an IBM
model M but I mean it's not going to be
as quiet as a membrane keyboard but you
get that tactical feedback off it that
you do not get off the lower quality
keyboard wow that was really long and
run ok 18k gold plated connectors for
extremely low latency I'm not sure how
that affects the latency but they do say
gaming great durability 50 million
keystrokes gold plated connectors will
affect the durability gold is not used
on connectors because it's a
particularly good conductor it's used
because it is a malleable soft metal so
it is an extremely durable conductor
wherever there are moving parts WASD etc
etc etc this supports the use of all
keys simultaneously that is a very cool
feature very few other keyboards on the
market support a feature like that ok
removable super steady hand rest durable
metal inner chassis and used and
endorsed by the world's best eSports
players SteelSeries media controls and a
2 meter braided cord ok so at the back
we're going to see a whole bunch of
gaming associations that this is
associated with and then we are going to
open the did you look at this you're
supposed to look at the gaming
associations ok and then after that we
will open the box so I get my knife here
gonna cut my seal did it today ok here
we go so let's get this out I love Steel
serious products too I'm gonna give away
my personal bias here almost everything
they make I really really like so I'm
fully expecting to like this keyboard if
I can ever get it open see they tricked
me you have to actually get rid of this
seal in addition to the seal on the
other side in order to get the keyboard
to slide out there we go
I wasn't see it's a good thing we have
these instructional videos on how to
open the box of the product because then
how would you get this open you wouldn't
be able to be challenging okay so I'm
gonna just move and we're gonna start a
focus on the keyboard here because it's
so big that it's hard to fit both me and
the keyboard in the frame here so let's
take parts of ox I love black boxes too
presentation very nice I give it a
b-plus I've seen better but it gets the
point across here is what you paid the
big bucks for because this is a very
expensive keyboard so I'm just going to
take this out and let's have a look at
what it comes with in terms of
accessories and add-ons so inside here
you will find a little baggie and it is
full up a ps2 2 USB adapter now I
believe the anti-ghosting feature only
works if you plug it in by ps2 but do
not quote me on that because I'm not a
hundred percent sure ok and then we have
a steel series case badge sticker ok you
can stick that on your case then we have
a steel serious professional gaming gear
catalog that shows you a bunch of their
other stuff which is also really good ok
and then we have the 7g so this appears
to be some kind of user's manual
professional gaming keyboard oh wow this
is oh this is the best diagram ever okay
so can you can you see can you read this
one professional gaming keyboard 2 hand
rest damn just in case you could not
figure that out that is how it works
okay so as case Bond one of the foremost
counter-strike players in the world
helped with the development of the
SteelSeries 7g here's one more than a
dozen major international grandson he
uses the following keyboard setup when
playing his setup is optimized for speed
and accessibility maybe you will find it
helpful these guys take their
professional gaming very very seriously
and it comes down to yeah even that
they'll give you tips on how to
configure their product just like the
professional gamers in the world use it
okay so let's here's the keyboard itself
we got our 2 meter braided cord here
which is a very nice cord I wouldn't
normally I wouldn't normally comment on
the quality of a cord but check
okay well if I can ever get it untwist
I'd and then I'd be able to show you oh
we got one more here really sorry about
that so this includes all of the cables
that need to be plugged into this
keyboard in one little convenient cord
and then it goes around so you look how
long this is okay so it goes around to
the back of your computer in another
room I guess and then it has all of the
connectors that you need so here's your
ps2 you'll plug a USB to ps2 adapter
into that if you want to use the
keyboard by USB which works just fine
there's your mic there's your speaker's
because you have pass-throughs in the
back of the keyboard so you can actually
plug your headset directly into the back
of the keyboard right there rather than
plugging them into around into the back
of the computer it allows you to use a
much shorter cord if you also have a
SteelSeries headset and then you've got
another USB port this is for the USB hub
ok these are actually labeled see this
is keyboard can you see can you read
that that's okay that says keyboard and
this says hub so that you don't get
confused because ps2 is not for a hub
okay so then there's the keyboard itself
now I'm going to get the camera a little
bit close so that it can actually hear
me more than see this so you can hear
that these keys while not completely
quiet are much quieter than a
traditional mechanical keyboard with the
with the spring sort of sound in it okay
so you got a couple different features
here first of all this Windows key gone
this is now the SteelSeries key this is
used for any of the functionality up
here so if you want to mute the volume
decrease it increase it play back
forward that's used for all of that you
do still have a Windows key over on this
side they have done nothing goofy with
the layout as far as standard layouts go
the one thing I personally don't like
and a lot of people do like this is the
shortened backspace I have very small
hands and for me to actually reach that
backspace while keeping it's not going
to happen so I like a backspace that's
right here but that's a personal gripe
these light up bright white they're very
very very nice to look at it has a full
number pad all that good stuff this this
looks incredibly stupid I'll be the
first person to tell you that but I
actually already have one of these
keyboards I'm just unboxing a new one so
that I can unbox it for you
I love this keyboard and the
I love it has very little to do with the
keyboard it's a great keyboard but I'm
not that fussy about them this is it
because this is the most comfortable
wrist rest I have ever encountered on a
keyboard it really supports you unlike
some of the goofy goofy wrist rests that
I've seen that are shaped or fashionable
or whatever this takes functionality and
just drives that point all the way to
the finish line because it is functional
and comfortable so with that sort of
gushing out of the way thank you for
checking oh oh sorry sorry sorry here's
the USB hub it's a USB 1.1 hub so you're
not really going to want to use like any
high-speed USB flash drives or anything
like that but it'll work just fine for a
mouse and whatever else you need that's
a that's a low power and low bandwidth
device so and there's your built-in mic
and headphone ports it has little
rubberized grips on the bottom as well
and one of the things they did mention
is the metal frame inside so you can see
there's actually very little flex to
this keyboard and it's got well the box
felt it's good it's got a lot of heck to
it as well it's very durable feeling
it's the kind of thing that if you like
rain you throw it down it would be just
fine
thank you for checking out my unboxing
of the SteelSeries 7g